Cut what did I say
It's a fake card
This card doesn't even have a entry
What the hell is this? They say you are a frog in a well
The magnetic strip is inside the card.
There's no limit.
There is a limit to brushing Xiao Wuji's bragging casually
If you don't understand, I can teach you.
The amount of this card
It all depends on the status of the individual
Zifeng as the heir to the United Chamber of Commerce
Cary is only 50 million
Gu Qing is backed by electrodeless
The card has just exceeded 100 million.
Unlimited amount of cards
I'm afraid I can't find one in the whole world
How dare you brag about this cow
Hey, there's no need to waste time with this kind of person.
Doesn't he want to swipe the card?
Let him brush
If you can't settle the bill by then
See how he ends waiter
Excuse me, sir.
Your card machine cannot recognize it.
Could you please change it?
How can there be no way to identify it?
Did you do it wrong?
Hey, let me help you. Hey.
Really can't identify